Use ansible-galaxy during updates (#1052)
jonaswinkler/paperless-ng: docs/administration.rst

Most of the update process is automated when using the ansible role.

> 1.  Update the role to the release tag you want to update to making sure the ansible scripts are compatible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Update the role to the target release tag to make sure the ansible scripts are compatible:
```

    .. code:: shell-session

>         $ ansible-galaxy install git+https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng.git,ng-1.4.4 --force

Reviewer: In the past, the release tags and the ansible role have not been consistent. More often than not, I have updated the role _after_ Jonas had pushed the tag (I don't blame him). In which case updating the role to the tag did _not_ make sure they are compatible.

```suggestion
        $ ansible-galaxy install git+https://github.com/jonaswinkler/paperless-ng.git,master --force
```
